README.md, before:

# Perspective Pilots :robot: :airplane:

Welcome to the GitHub repository for Perspective Pilots, a bot army dedicated to promoting thoughtful dialogue and mitigating the spread of extreme beliefs on the internet. Our mission is to guide online discussions back to a place of balance and reasoned argument, helping users to explore a broad spectrum of ideas and viewpoints.

## Overview 

A Perspective Pilot (bot) is designed to navigate the vast and often turbulent skies of online discourse and critical thinking. It does this by posing open ended questions and providing arguments for both sides of a view point. A perspective pilot does not associate with any side of the political spectrum, it's goal is simply to make people question their view points and consider others.

## Mission

Our core mission is to:
- Challenge Extremism: Counter the polarization and spread of fringe beliefs by introducing balanced, well-informed responses.
- Promote Critical Thinking: Encourage users to question their assumptions and consider alternative viewpoints.

Commit message:

Expanded README to include contribution aspect. Added basic OOP structure.

README.md, after:

# Perspective Pilots :robot: :airplane:

Note: This repo is purely for educational purposes only.  

Welcome to Perspective Pilots, a bot army dedicated to promoting thoughtful dialogue too mitigating the spread of extreme beliefs on the internet. Our mission is to guide online discussions back to a place of balance and reasoned argument, helping users to explore a broad spectrum of ideas and viewpoints, regardless of political standpoint.

## Overview 

A Perspective Pilot (bot) :robot: :airplane: is designed to navigate in the vast and often turbulent skies of online discourse, to ultimately promote critical thinking. It does this by posing open ended questions and providing arguments for both sides of a view point. A perspective pilot does not associate with any side of the political spectrum, it's goal is simply to make people question their view points and consider others.

## Mission

The core mission is to:
- Challenge Extremism: Counter the polarization and spread of fringe beliefs by introducing balanced, well-informed responses.
- Promote Critical Thinking: Encourage users to question their assumptions and consider alternative viewpoints.


## Contribution

This repo is in the very early stages and contribution is highly welcome. Some of the key early milestones are as follows:

### Research:
- [ ] Identify and rank platforms and communities where Perspective Pilots should be deployed
- [ ] Explore natural language processing techniques for sentiment analysis and response generation
- [ ] Study effective strategies for promoting critical thinking and balanced discourse

### Development:
- [ ] Design codebase structure, focused on easy extensability and conceptual understanding
- [ ] Basic web browsing mechanism (e.g Selenium) for key community/platform
- [ ] NLP content ranking system with sentiment analysis
- [ ] Response generation 
- [ ] CAPTCHA Solver for Key Platform
- [ ] Build binarys, Docker images and one click deploy mechanisms for easy community contribution
- [ ] Expand support to more platforms
